# "Eons-forgotten miracles of power and peril"

Before the universe and time, before Light and Dark and their endless struggle for eternal mastery, before the trappings and woes of modern magic, were the primordial Benedei Spells. While the unrelenting march of time has hidden many of such powerful spells and rendered them cryptic beyond repair a miniscule few remain untainted, understandable to those whose minds can comprehend magic older and more unfathomable than time itself. Those who dare read such scrolls will find knowledge greater than they once thought, although nothing can be gained without something equally being lost.

The Benedei Spells are often referred to by the more vulgar name of ‘miracle spells’ by the common mage, who know the spells only for their mythic power and frustrating elusiveness. The discovery of such a spell sends ripples through the mortal and ephemeral realms, heralding the end of material domains and shifting the balance in the Eternal Struggle.

The power of the Benedei Spells are erroneously considered benign by many fledgling scholars, who see all miracles as divine and holy. While many can rescue their casters from despair and hopelessness, there are many more which are destructive and cataclysmic, those whose power should never be used, potency confined for an eternally distant past.

For those of untainted mind, for those of unshattered psyche, for those of unwitting bliss it is time to turn back and forsake the teachings of the Benedei. Time has rightfully covered up such horrors and such blessings, it is with regret they have been unturned, and it is with purpose they are once more hidden within the confines of the Grand Archives. 

For those whose pursuit of power and knowledge allow no shackle the mysteries of the Benedei require great attention. The unknown power of the ancients, how even their magic fell into temporal obscurity, the price of casting such a spell whose potency must have an equal toll, and the role such magic plays in the eternal struggle are questions that need answers but only offer questions.

Scripture constructed by <@!696152241261772831>